1. Provision instances (virtual servers).
2. Upload your code.
3. Continue to manage the instances while your application is running.

The term “serverless” means that your code runs on servers, 
but you do not need to provision or manage these servers. With serverless 
computing, you can focus more on innovating new products and features instead of maintaining servers.

Another benefit of serverless computing is the flexibility to scale serverless applications 
automatically. Serverless computing can adjust the applications' 
capacity by modifying the units of consumptions, such as throughput and memory. 

Services:--------------------------------------------
1. AWS Lambda 
  AWS Lambda is a service that lets you run code without needing to provision or manage servers. 

While using AWS Lambda, you pay only for the compute time that you consume. 
Charges apply only when your code is running. You can also run code for virtually any type of 
application or backend service, all with zero administration. 

For example, a simple Lambda function might involve automatically resizing uploaded images to the
AWS Cloud. In this case, the function triggers when uploading a new image. 


2. Containers

Containers provide you with a standard way to package your application's code and dependencies 
into a single object. You can also use containers for processes
and workflows in which there are essential requirements for security, reliability, and scalability.


3. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)

Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) is a highly scalable, high-performance container
management system that enables you to run and scale containerized applications on AWS. 

Amazon ECS supports Docker containers. Docker is a software platform that enables you to build, 
test, and deploy applications quickly. AWS supports the use of open-source Docker Community Edition
and subscription-based Docker Enterprise Edition. With Amazon ECS, you can use API calls to launch
and stop Docker-enabled applications.


4. Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) is a fully managed service that you can use to run 
Kubernetes on AWS. 

Kubernetes is open-source software that enables you to deploy and manage containerized applications 
at scale. A large community of volunteers maintains Kubernetes, and AWS actively works together 
with the Kubernetes community. As new features and functionalities release for Kubernetes
applications, you can easily apply these updates to your applications managed by Amazon EKS.


5. AWS Fargate

AWS Fargate is a serverless compute engine for containers. It works with both Amazon ECS and 
Amazon EKS. 

When using AWS Fargate, you do not need to provision or manage servers. 
AWS Fargate manages your server infrastructure for you. 
You can focus more on innovating and developing your
applications, and you pay only for the resources that are required to run your containers.
