Subnets

A subnet is a section of a VPC in which you can group resources based on security or operational needs. 
Subnets can be public or private. 

Public subnets
  contain resources that need to be accessible by the public, such as an online store’s website.

Private subnets
  contain resources that should be accessible only through your private network, 
   such as a database that contains customers’ personal information and order histories. 
   
   
 Network traffic in a VPC
  A packet is a unit of data sent over the internet or a network. 
  It enters into a VPC through an internet gateway. Before a packet can enter into a subnet or
  exit from a subnet, it checks for permissions. These permissions indicate who sent the packet
  and how the packet is trying to communicate with the resources in a subnet.
  
 Network access control lists (ACLs)
   A network access control list (ACL) is a virtual firewall that controls inbound and outbound
   traffic at the subnet level.
   Each AWS account includes a default network ACL. When configuring your VPC, you can use your account’s default network ACL or create custom network ACLs. 

   By default, your account’s default network ACL allows all inbound and outbound traffic, 
    but you can modify it by adding your own rules. For custom network ACLs, 
    all inbound and outbound traffic is denied until you add rules to specify which traffic to allow.

   Network ACLs perform Stateless packet filtering.
   If you have multiple Amazon EC2 instances within a subnet, you can associate them with the
   same security group or
   use different security groups for each instance. 
   
   
   
 Security groups
   A security group is a virtual firewall that controls inbound and outbound traffic for an Amazon EC2 instance.
   By default, a security group denies all inbound traffic and allows all outbound traffic.
   You can add custom rules to configure which traffic to allow or deny.
   If you have multiple Amazon EC2 instances within a subnet, you can associate them with the 
   same security group or use 
   different security groups for each instance. 
   Security groups perform stateful packet filtering. 
   When a packet response for that request returns to the instance, the security group remembers
   your previous request.
   The security group allows the response to proceed, regardless of inbound security group rules.
