It is 
1. On Demand Delivery of IT resources over the Internet : No anything specifice only as per user demand.
2. Pay as you go : Only Pay what you spend for hour, minutes or resources. 


DEPLOYMENT MODELS FOR CLOUD COMPUTING

1. Cloud Based:
    a) Run application on the cloud
    b) Migrate Existing application to the Cloud.
    c) Design and Build New Applications in the cloud 
         can build application on low level infrastructure
         that require some IT staff to manage them or can build Higher Level Infrastructuure that reduce the
         managment, architecting , scaling requirenment on infrastructure.
         
         
2. On Premise Deployment
       a) Also called private cloud deployment.
       b) Deploy resources by using virtualization and resource management tools.
       c) Increase resource utilization by using application management and
       virtualization technologies.
       
       
3. Hybrid Deployment
       a) Connect cloud-based resources to on-premises infrastructure.
       b) Integrate cloud-based resources with legacy IT applications: With a hybrid deployment, 
       the company would be able to keep the legacy applications on premises
       while benefiting from the data and analytics services that run in the cloud.
       
       
Benefits:-

1. Trade Upfront expense for variable Expense
   
   Upfront expenses refers to data centers/ physical servers/ other resources....
   that user need to pay or invest before using them.
   Variable expnses refers to only pay for computing resources you consume instead of
   investing heavily in data centers and servers before you know how you’re going to use them.
   By taking a cloud computing approach that offers the benefit of variable expense, 
   companies can implement innovative solutions while saving on costs.

2. Focus on mantaining and investing money on managing infrastracture and server in data centers

3. No need to guess capacity , you only pay for what you use, you can scale in and out.

4. Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers can aggregate in the cloud, 
providers, such as AWS, can achieve higher economies of scale. The economy of scale 
translates into lower pay-as-you-go prices. 

5. Increased Speed and Agility 
     The flexibility of cloud computing makes it easier for you to develop and deploy 
     applications. Provides ou with more time to experiment and innovate. When computing
     in data centers, it may take weeks to obtain new resources that you need.

6. Provide low latency can be quickly accessible.with minimal delays. 
